chore: fix typos in code comments and documentation (#28682)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/proposals/attach-debug-containers.md

## Drawbacks

> ArgoCD might consider limiting attack surface that can be presented with debug container (which are more powerful than exec'ing into a pod)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argo CD might consider limiting the attack surface that can be presented with the debug container (which is more powerful than exec'ing into a pod)
```
